I just punched a girl in the face. Not just any girl. My best friend. My
roommate.
Well, as of five minutes ago, I guess I should call her my ex-roommate.
Her nose began bleeding almost immediately, and for a second, I felt bad
for hitting her. But then I remembered what a lying, betraying whore she is,
and it made me want to punch her again. I would have if Hunter hadn’t
prevented it by stepping between us.
So instead, I punched him. I didn’t do any damage to him, unfortunately.
Not like the damage I’ve done to my hand.
Punching someone hurts a lot worse than I imagined it would. Not that I
spend an excessive amount of time imagining how it would feel to punch
people. Although I am having that urge again as I stare down at my phone at
the incoming text from Ridge. He’s another one I’d like to get even with. I
know he technically has nothing to do with my current predicament, but he
could have given me a heads-up a little sooner. Therefore, I’d like to punch
him, too.
Ridge: Are you OK? Do u want to come up until the rain stops?
Of course, I don’t want to come up. My fist hurts enough as it is, and if I
went up to Ridge’s apartment, it would hurt a whole lot worse after I finished
with him.
I turn around and look up at his balcony. He’s leaning against his slidingglass door; phone in hand, watching me. It’s almost dark, but the lights from
the courtyard illuminate his face. His dark eyes lock with mine and the way
his mouth curls up into a soft, regretful smile makes it hard to remember why
I’m even upset with him in the first place. He runs a free hand through the
hair hanging loosely over his forehead, revealing even more of the worry in
his expression. Or maybe that’s a look of regret. As it should be.
I decide not to reply and flip him off instead. He shakes his head and
shrugs his shoulders, as if to say, I tried, and then he goes back inside his
apartment and slides his door shut.
I put the phone back in my pocket before it gets wet, and I look around at
the courtyard of the apartment complex where I’ve lived for two whole
months. When we first moved in, the hot Texas summer was swallowing up
the last traces of spring, but this courtyard seemed to somehow still cling to
life. 